Change `db.statement` to only be collected if there is sanitization (#3127)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/semantic_conventions/database.md

| Attribute  | Type | Description  | Examples  | Requirement Level |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| `db.name` | string | This attribute is used to report the name of the database being accessed. For commands that switch the database, this should be set to the target database (even if the command fails). [1] | `customers`; `main` | Conditionally Required: If applicable. |
| `db.statement` | string | The database statement being executed. [2] | `SELECT * FROM wuser_table`; `SET mykey "WuValue"` | Optional |
| `db.operation` | string | The name of the operation being executed, e.g. the [MongoDB command name](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/command/#database-operations) such as `findAndModify`, or the SQL keyword. [3] | `findAndModify`; `HMSET`; `SELECT` | Conditionally Required: If `db.statement` is not applicable. |

**[1]:** In some SQL databases, the database name to be used is called "schema name". In case there are multiple layers that could be considered for database name (e.g. Oracle instance name and schema name), the database name to be used is the more specific layer (e.g. Oracle schema name).

> **[2]:** Not collected by default; can be enabled via instrumentation configuration. This attribute may contain private or sensitive information. The instrumentation library should support accepting a function that will sanitize said information before logging it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[2]:** Not collected by default; can be enabled via instrumentation configuration. This attribute may contain private or sensitive information. The instrumentation library should support accepting a function that will sanitize the statement before recording it.
```

**[1]:** In some SQL databases, the database name to be used is called "schema name". In case there are multiple layers that could be considered for database name (e.g. Oracle instance name and schema name), the database name to be used is the more specific layer (e.g. Oracle schema name).

> **[2]:** This attribute may contain private or sensitive information. The instrumentation library should support receiving a sanitizer function that will handle said information.

Reviewer 2: Note: this description does not reflect the PR title. Should we actually say that collecting db statement should be explicitly opt-in (with a sanitizer function)?

Author: <img width="1168" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107620508/217578092-9934b39e-eebd-41b2-a323-9300999065cb.png">

It is explained in the "Requierment Level" in section [3].
I can make it more explicit like;
`Disabled on default. If applicable, can be enabled via instrumentation configuration.`
What do you think?

Reviewer 2: ah, ok. "Conditionally required" sounds like the wrong classification though, elsewhere it's used to indicate "there may be an alternative attribute", which is true in the case too, but the "required" part feels wrong for an opt-in field.

Reviewer 3: We also have `Optional` and I think that's exactly what you're looking for here:

> Instrumentations SHOULD populate the attribute if and only if the user configures the instrumentation to do so. Instrumentation that doesn't support configuration MUST NOT populate Optional attributes.

https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/common/attribute-requirement-level.md#optional
